W-20052271-Add-ACB-terms-and-conditions-CP (#524)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/accept-terms-and-conditions.adoc

= Accept Anypoint Code Builder Beta Terms and Conditions

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

//LOGO (web, desktop, or both)
include::partial$acb-ide-logos.adoc[tags="both-ides"]

Anypoint Code Builder Cloud IDE is in Open Beta. Anypoint Code Builder Desktop is GA.

== Before You Begin

Use of Anypoint Code Builder Cloud IDE is subject to beta terms and conditions.

* In the Cloud IDE for Anypoint Code Builder, an Organization Administrator must read and accept the beta terms and conditions. 

See xref:access-management::organization.adoc[] for information about organizations and Organization Administrators in Anypoint Platform.

== Review and Accept Anypoint Platform Terms and Conditions

. After you access the Anypoint Code Builder central page for the first time, you see a pop-up message titled *Get access to Anypoint Code Builder*.
. Read the terms and conditions.

> . After you finished scrolling through the terms and conditions, check the box next to *I accept the Anypoint Code Builder Beta Terms and Conditions*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After you scroll through the terms and conditions, select *I accept the Anypoint Code Builder Beta Terms and Conditions*.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

= Accept Anypoint Code Builder Beta Terms and Conditions

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

//LOGO (web, desktop, or both)
include::partial$acb-ide-logos.adoc[tags="both-ides"]

> Anypoint Code Builder is an open beta release. 

Reviewer 2: Could we be more specific, i.e.:

Anypoint Code Builder Cloud IDE is in Open Beta. Anypoint Code Builder Desktop is GA.

Author: OK! Thanks!

== Prerequisites

> Use of Anypoint Code Builder is subject to beta terms and conditions:

Reviewer 2: Here as well: 

Use of Anypoint Code Builder Cloud IDE is subject to beta terms and conditions.

Author: OK! Thanks!

> * In the cloud IDE for Anypoint Code Builder, an Organization Administrator must read and accept the beta terms and conditions. 

Reviewer 2: I think Cloud IDE should be upper case.

Author: OK! Thanks!

> * In the desktop IDE, Anypoint Code Builder for Desktop, you must read and accept the beta terms and conditions. 

Reviewer 3: Is this commented out? Desktop is not in Beta. Only Cloud is in Beta.

Author: You're right! Thanks!

> * In the desktop IDE, Anypoint Code Builder for Desktop, you must read and accept the beta terms and conditions. 

Reviewer 2: We can remove this.

Author: OK! Thanks!

See xref:access-management::organization.adoc[] for information about organizations and Organization Administrators in Anypoint Platform.

== Review and Accept Anypoint Platform Terms and Conditions

. After you access the Anypoint Code Builder central page for the first time, you see a pop-up message titled *Get access to Anypoint Code Builder*.
. Read the terms and conditions.
+
image::terms-and-conditions.png[Terms and conditions highlighted on the pop-up message.]

> . After you finished scrolling through the terms and conditions, check the box next to *I accept the Anypoint Code Builder Beta Terms and Conditions*.

Reviewer 3: Lets be specific about ti being Cloud IDE.
I accept the Anypoint Code Builder Cloud IDE Beta

Author: We can change the docs after changing the terms and conditions.
